Scoring period 2 (#16)
Joystream/founding-members: scoring-periods/2.md

## `Scoring Period 2`
### _01/03/21 - 14/03/21_
<br>

_Note: [Scoring Period #0](/scoring-periods/0.md) was also created in order to recognize existing contributors to the project._
<br>
#### Announcement
We are happy to announce the second "official" Scoring Period ([Scoring Period #0](/scoring-periods/0.md) was also created in order to recognize existing contributors to the project). With ~6h left of [Scoring Period #1](/scoring-periods/0.md), we have gotten close to 400 submissions (for both rounds combined) already, which we are extremely happy to see! Due to the overwhelming magnitude, we will start grading early, but the results will not be announced before the 4th of March.

Despite what we consider a great success, there has been some misunderstandings along the way. This is mostly due to unclear and missing documentation from our side, which we have not been able to improve and communicate in time. We wish to take this opportunity to clarify some things.
1. There is no need to submit your summary before the end of a Scoring Period!
  - It appears lots of people believe that it's a "race", and that you have to submit early and often.

>   - A scoring period should be the summary of all your activities during that timespan. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further actions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A scoring period should be the summary of all your activities during that timespan. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
```

>   - A scoring period should be the summary of all your activities during that timespan. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further actions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A summary should be the report of all your activities during the entire scoring period. In other words, unless you _know_ you will not make any further contributions, wait until the Scoring Period has ended.
```
